Flutter - Add better viewInfoExtractor documentation (#18192)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/flutter/advanced_configuration.md

## Modify or drop RUM events

> **Note**: This feature is not yet available for Flutter Web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This feature is not yet available for Flutter web applications.
```

|                  | `actionEvent.view.url`            | URL of the view linked to this action.        |
| RumErrorEvent    | `errorEvent.error.message`        | Error message.                                |
|                  | `errorEvent.error.stack`          | Stacktrace of the error.                      |
|                  | `errorEvent.error.resource?.url`  | URL of the resource the error refers to.      |
|                  | `errorEvent.view.name`            | Name the view linked to this action.¹         |
|                  | `errorEvent.view.referrer`        | Referrer of the view linked to this action.   |
|                  | `errorEvent.view.url`             | URL of the view linked to this error.         |
| RumResourceEvent | `resourceEvent.resource.url`      | URL of the resource.                          |
|                  | `resourceEvent.view.name`         | Name the view linked to this action.¹         |
|                  | `resourceEvent.view.referrer`     | Referrer of the view linked to this action.   |
|                  | `resourceEvent.view.url`          | URL of the view linked to this resource.      |

> ¹While event mappers allow you to modify the names of view, but this is not the recommended way to rename a view. Use the `viewInfoExtractor` parameter on [`DatadogNavigationObserver`][7] instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
¹ While event mappers allow you to modify the names of views, they are not the recommended way to rename a view. Use the `viewInfoExtractor` parameter on [`DatadogNavigationObserver`][7] instead
```
